Installation
To install, double-click on the setup.exe file; 

The installer will create a shortcut on your desktop; 

The installer will create a sub-directory “Danlaw” in your c:\users\public directory; 

The installer will copy some xml files (used with WAVE Services) and a text file to the directory Danlaw; 

Edit the SutIPv4Address.txt file in the Danlaw directory to have the IP address of your device under test; 

With the exception of the WAVE Service in 1609.3, the GUI is self-explanatory and easy to use. 


The software exercises every message defined in the ASN.1 files, except for the shutdown and restart. 


Bug Fixes and additions


1.	bypassSecurityVerification was not processed correctly, added an entry to the Combobox to enable Security Verification or bypass security verification.

2.	In 1609.4 tab, when setting WSMTxInfo, the timeslot was not processed correctly, it was taking its value from the same combobox in the 802.11 tab.

3.	Checking Payload from a File checkbox is now working. It will allow you to select one of three types of files, binary, hex or text file to use as your WSM or IPv6 payload. This way, you could test a large payload, bigger than what the textbox could provide you. Also, you could test payload bigger than the maximum allowed and test that your device is rejecting requests to transmit payloads bigger than the maximum allowed. 

The content of the hex file should look like this: 0xAA 0xBB 0xcc 0xdd (with or without the spaces) or AA BB cc dd (with or without the spaces). Basically, the software reads the contents of the file, converts to uppercase, strips 0x or 0X and the spaces then converts every two nibbles to a byte.

4.	1609.3 AddUserService OPTIONALs, Checking Link quality and/or Immediate Access were not included in the message and were set to null even if they were selected.

5.	The 1609.2 tab was removed as a result of removing it from the Frames of the TCIDispatcher.asn file. 

6.	A new message was added to the 29451 tab as a result of adding SetBreakPedal to the 29451.asn file.

7.	The 2945 tab was rearranged to show all tab pages in the same view.

Thanks to Mangesh Sukthanker from Marben Products, Vamsi K Peddina from Lear Corporation and Thomas Ritter for reporting the bugs. 
Please report bugs as soon as you find them in the certificationoperatingcouncil/TCI_Tools Github page.  You can create a new issue in the issues tab and report your bug there. This way you don’t lose track of the bugs and we can then fix them right away.
